# ERP app
This is a simple ERP application that should illustrate in a simplified manner how the production is tracked in manufacturing companies.

## Installation

After cloning the repo run "npm install" and "npm client-install" to install the dependecies for the back-end and front-end respectively.


## Used technologies

The back-end is built with NodeJS (Express) and the front-end is built with ReactJS,Redux and Materialize for styling. Redux is used to store the JSON web token generated by the server
which stores information about the company of the logged in user so that the correct collections are referenced in the requests. Bcrypt is used to encrypt the user password before saving
it in the database.

## Usage

You can test the app here https://fathomless-earth-96596.herokuapp.com/ or you can create your own MongoDB atlas and pass its connection string in the app.js file.

You need to provide a keyword you want for bcrypt to use for encryption of user passwords in the keys.js file.

You need to manually create a company record for example by using PostMan. Each company has to have a name and a balance.

The balance will be updated automatically upon order completion. The profit is defined in helperFunctions/executeOrder.js and is calculated by summing
the prices of the purchased parts in the BOM of the product for which the order is executed. For example if the total cost of all parts is 10 and an order is executed
the company balance will increase by 2 with the current settings.

You start by creating purchased parts. Next you update their stocksdirectly through stocks=> update parts stocks.

After you have defined the parts you can create a product by defining its BOM.

You can then create orders for the given product which you can try to execute and the order will be either completed or rejected depending on the stocks of the purchased parts needed for the product.



## Contributing
If you have any suggestions or notice any unexpected behaviour please open an issue.
